well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about what a government needs to exist
I'll go ahead and tell you now get ready
to go down a rabbit hole in a recent
video I mentioned that government was a
magic show
it's all smoke and mirrors the
government has Authority because people
believe that it has authority I've got a
lot of questions about that and a whole
bunch of suggestions about things that a
government must have in order to exist
things like the loyalty of the populace
patriotism the obligation to look out
for its citizens yeah I mean those
things might be nice if a government did
that but it's not required but at the
same time it's not really all smoke and
mirrors there is one other thing that a
government must have in order to exist
really two but one is less important so
it has to have the perception that it
has authority and then it has to have a
monopoly on violence that's that's
really yet it would be nice if it had a
claim to a territory as well but even
that isn't a requirement it's just
something that most have that monopoly
is how governments function and that's
every government in the world and I know
if you're living overseas in a more
socially liberal country you're thinking
really
you're probably to a much lesser degree
than the United State
the officers of government in your
country may be a whole lot slower to go
to their belt but I'm willing to bet
that your country has the concept of
incarceration
what happens if under the authority they
are perceived to have the government
tells you that you have to go and you
don't I'm willing to bet they will
exercise that monopoly maybe to a lesser
degree than the United States but it's
still there
they still have it it's implied and at
any point in time even in socially
liberal countries the power structure
that is government can change and it can
choose to exercise that monopoly to a
greater degree
now the government may decide to
delegate parts of that monopoly to the
people well you can protect yourself you
can protect your property but they'll
probably tell you how and how far that's
it patriotism loyalty all of these
things it's not a requirement it isn't
the government has no obligation to
protect you it's not a protector meant
it's a government it's there to control
you that's what a government is it is a
method of control over a group of people
through force
it's every government in the world right
now in Rio they're dealing with the same
situation that pretty much every other
location on the planet is dealing with
and three entities down there they
decided that they were going to take
action and the first group they sent
their officers of government out with
bull horns loudspeakers and they
basically said we're only doing this
because you guys didn't take it
seriously there's a curfew in effect
it's best to just stay home and chill
the message has been sent
the second group well they just put the
word out there was a curfew the third
group said well you can go out but only
in pairs no large groups we can't let
this spread in many ways the government
sound there they've responded better
than a lot of the state governments and
certainly the federal government here in
the United States the difference is
those in Rio were Street gang there were
street gangs but they had the perception
of authority and that monopoly on
violence their de facto government
that's all it takes it doesn't take
anything else all of those wonderful
ideals are just that they're ideas it's
window dressing it's more smoke and
mirrors at the end of the day a
government's job is to preserve itself
nothing else does not have to look out
for you I think we're all learning that
right now
in the United States especially we like
to tie government to patriotism and it's
because of the way our country was
founded I would like to point out that
no person that we view as a patriot no
person that we view as a founding father
held any loyalty to the United States
government in 1776 because it didn't
exist when they spoke of country they
were talking about their neighbors they
were more akin to the guys in Rio than
the people in DC and how did they become
the founders they rejected that
authority that perception of Authority
was lost and then they were willing to
end that monopoly that's like 90% of all
revolutions throughout history a
government does not have to do anything
for the people that it controls it
doesn't there are plenty of governments
throughout history that did not look out
for their citizens
as we move through this and as
governments in general show that they
are incapable of managing the authority
that has been vested in them that that
perception is being weakened and that's
a little unnerving at times it should be
remembered that yeah
90% of revolutions ended that monopoly
and then they went that route that
doesn't have to be the route the people
go and it's probably not advisable just
the lack of believing in the authority
is enough that's enough when that
happens the government becomes a felt
state there are many times when
governments simply wither away because
the populace lost faith and their
authority and ignored them you don't
have to end the monopoly directly and
it's just something I think people
should keep in mind over the coming
weeks because I have a feeling there's
gonna be a lot of anger just remember
that it's not necessary it's not a
requirement that that element be
confronted directly just refusing to
accept that authority is enough
and maybe I'm wrong maybe the
government's know what they're doing and
everything's going to be fine it's
possible there are a few out there that
seem to be doing pretty well
unfortunately it's probably not the
government of anybody who's watching
this governments don't need flags they
don't need songs they don't need
anything governments can be small over a
very tiny area or no area or they can be
an empire all they have to have is the
perception of authority and that
monopoly anyway it's just the thought
y'all have a good night